Validator: update dispose() method description (#4615)
DevExpress/devextreme-documentation: concepts/05 UI Components/zz Common/05 UI Widgets/20 Data Validation/70 Conditional Validation.md

> To conditionally validate an editor, use conditional rendering on a validation rule. In the example below, the TextBox can be validated only if the SelectBox value is `Germany`.

Author: ```suggestion
To conditionally validate an editor, use conditional rendering on a validation rule. In the example below, the TextBox will be validated only if the SelectBox value is `Germany`.
```

> To conditionally validate an editor, use a conditional rendering on a validation rule. In the example below, the TextBox can be validated only if the SelectBox value is `Germany`.

Author: ```suggestion
To conditionally validate an editor, use conditional rendering on a validation rule. In the example below, the TextBox can be validated only if the SelectBox value is `Germany`.
```

---
##### Angular

> Refer to the following article to learn more about conditional rendering: <a href="https://angular.io/guide/built-in-directives#adding-or-removing-an-element-with-ngif" target="_blank">Adding or removing an element with NgIf</a>.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Refer to the following article for more information about conditional rendering: <a href="https://angular.io/guide/built-in-directives#adding-or-removing-an-element-with-ngif" target="_blank">Adding or removing an element with NgIf</a>.
```

    <!-- tab: app.component.html -->
    <dx-text-box>
        <dx-validator>
            <dxi-validation-rule
                *ngIf="country === 'Germany'"
                type="required"
                message="Name is required"
            >
            </dxi-validation-rule>
        </dx-validator>
    </dx-text-box>
    <dx-select-box
        [dataSource]="countries"
        [(value)]="country"
    >
    </dx-select-box>

    <!-- tab: app.component.ts -->
    import { Component } from '@angular/core';
    
    @Component({
        selector: 'app-root',
        templateUrl: './app.component.html',
        styleUrls: ['./app.component.css']
    })

    export class AppComponent {
        countries = ['Germany', 'USA', 'China'];
        country = "";
    }

##### Vue

> Refer to the following article to learn more about conditional rendering: <a href="https://v3.vuejs.org/guide/conditional.html" target="_blank">Conditional Rendering</a>.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Refer to the following article for more information about conditional rendering: <a href="https://v3.vuejs.org/guide/conditional.html" target="_blank">Conditional Rendering</a>.
```

    <!-- tab: App.vue -->
    <template>
        <DxTextBox>
            <DxValidator>
                <DxRequiredRule 
                    v-if="country === 'Germany'"
                    message="Name is required"
                />
            </DxValidator>
        </DxTextBox>
        <DxSelectBox
            :data-source="countries"
            v-model:value="country"
        >
        </DxSelectBox>
    </template>

    <script>
    import DxTextBox from 'devextreme-vue/text-box';
    import DxSelectBox from 'devextreme-vue/select-box';
    import { DxValidator, DxRequiredRule } from 'devextreme-vue/validator';

    export default {
        components: {
            DxTextBox,
            DxSelectBox,
            DxValidator,
            DxRequiredRule
        },
        data() {
            return {
                countries: ['Germany', 'USA', 'China'],
                country: ''
            }
        }
    }
    </script>

##### React

> Refer to the following article to learn more about conditional rendering: <a href="https://reactjs.org/docs/conditional-rendering.html" target="_blank">Conditional Rendering</a>.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Refer to the following article for more information about conditional rendering: <a href="https://reactjs.org/docs/conditional-rendering.html" target="_blank">Conditional Rendering</a>.
```
